Add Snippet injection reference to JavaScript (#107761)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-monitor/app/javascript-sdk.md

## Get started

The Application Insights JavaScript SDK is implemented with a runtime snippet for out-of-the-box web analytics.
The JavaScript snippet can be added to your webpages manually or via the automatic snippet injection.

### Enable Application Insights SDK for JavaScript automatically

> The automatic Snippet injection feature available in the ApplicationInsights .NET core SDK and the ApplicationInsights Node.js SDK (preview)
> allows you to automatically inject the ApplicationInsights JavaScript SDK into every webpage of your web application. 
> See [ApplicationInsights .NET core SDK Snippet Injection](./asp-net-core.md?tabs=netcorenew%2Cnetcore6#enable-client-side-telemetry-for-web-applications)
> and [ApplicationInsights Node.js SDK Snippet Injection (preview)](./nodejs.md#automatic-web-instrumentationpreview)
> for more details. However, if you want more control over which pages to add the ApplicationInsights JavaScript SDK 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The automatic Snippet injection feature available in the Application Insights .NET core SDK and the Application Insights Node.js SDK (preview)
allows you to automatically inject the Application Insights JavaScript SDK into every webpage of your web application. 
For more information, see [Application Insights .NET core SDK Snippet Injection](./asp-net-core.md?tabs=netcorenew%2Cnetcore6#enable-client-side-telemetry-for-web-applications)
and [Application Insights Node.js SDK Snippet Injection (preview)](./nodejs.md#automatic-web-instrumentationpreview).
However, if you want more control over which pages to add the Application Insights JavaScript SDK 
```
Fixing terminology
